c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\obj\Debug\DataService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\DataService.dll.config
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\DataService.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\DataService.pdb
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\DataModel.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\DataModel.pdb
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\obj\Debug\DataService.dll
c:\users\kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\obj\Debug\DataService.pdb
C:\Users\Kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\Kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\DataService.dll.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\Kristin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HiofStudentPlannerSolution\DataService\bin\DataService.dll.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
